- Create a new folder under your csd-340 directory and name it module-5

- Create a new  HTML document and name it yourlastname_EX4.html

- All HTML code will go in this file 

- Create a new CSS document and name it yourlastname_EX4.css

- All CSS styling will go in this file 0

- Create a new folder and name it “images” and add it to your module-5 directory 

- Visit   and search for three of your favorite images. Download them and add them to your image’s directory. Make sure you write down the author(s), because you will need this in a later step.  

- Add a link in the index.html file to the HTML file 

- Hint: refer back to assignment 4.2 if you are confused on what this item is referencing

- yourlastname_EX4.html 

- Create an empty HTML document (follow the code we used in Module 2)

- Give the HTML document a title of “CSD 340 Web Development with HTML and CSS” 

- This will be placed in the head/title element

- Add a link to yourlastname_EX4.css file in the HTML documents element

- Add a main div to the body of the HTML document with an id of “container” 

- Main div

- Add an h1 tag and give it a text value of “Assignment 5.2: Build a Web Page Exercise - Part 4”

- Center the text on the page 

- On a new line add a new div and give it an id of “image-gallery”

- Inside the image-gallery div add three side-by-side divs using CSS grids (see the resources section for assistance).  Each of these divs will contain a title, image, and captions. 

- 3 side-by-side divs

- Inside each div add an h3 element with a description of the image you are using in that div 

- Under each div add a figure tag and inside the figure tag add one of the downloaded images (one figure per div, one image per figure) 

- Underneath each figure add a figure caption with the authors name using the format: (author: <insert author name here>) 

- yourlastname_EX4.css

- Apply a CSS grid with three columns for the 3 side-by-side divs (see the above resources section for help/assistance)

- Give the image-gallery div a margin-top of 10%

- Center the h1 text 

- Give the img tag a width of 400px and a height of 350px

- Center the h3 text (title for each of the image gallery items)

- Apply text-align center to the figure tag  (this will basically center the image in the div)

- Use Oswald font stack (refer to Assignment 4.2) for the h1, h3, and figure captions. Set the font-weight to 400

- Hint: use Google fonts and select 300, 400, 500, and 700

- Apply a font style of italic to the figcaption text and set the font-size to .75em

- Using rgba, add the second color in the palette (247, 112, 24) color to the background of the entire page. Make the opacity of the background 20 percent (note: the entire pages background color should be one color). 

- Using rgba, add the fourth color (185, 63, 8) to the h1, h3, and figcaption tags.

- Add a solid border to each of the side by side divs using the fourth color (185, 63, 8) and give it a border radius of 15px.

- Apply 5px padding to each of the side by side divs

DELIVERABLES

URL to your repositories GitHub pages website

module-5 packaged as a .zip file

